💻
BiteSpeed Frontend Task: 
Chatbot flow builder

Overview:
We’ll build a simple Chatbot flow builder using React and try to make the code 
extensible to easily add new features. 
A chatbot flow is built by connecting multiple messages together to decide the 
order of execution. 

(double click on the images to enlarge)

BiteSpeed Frontend Task: Chatbot flow builder 1



#Note → 
Use https://reactflow.dev/ for the flow builder. 
You are free to use any other library on top of React Flow.
You can use either of JavaScript or TypeScript for this Task 
Add comments to explain your code

Features:
1. Text Node 

a. Our flow builder currently supports only one type of message (i.e Text 
Message).

b. There can be multiple Text Nodes in one flow.
c. Nodes are added to the flow by dragging and dropping a Node from the 

Nodes Panel.
2. Nodes Panel 

a. This panel houses all kind of Nodes that our Flow Builder supports.
b. Right now there is only Message Node, but we’d be adding more types 

of Nodes in the future so make this section extensible 
3. Edge

a. Connects two Nodes together
4. Source Handle

a. Source of a connecting edge 
b. Can only have one edge originating from a source handle

5. Target Handle 
a. Target of a connecting edge
b. Can have more than one edge connecting to a target handle 

6. Settings Panel

BiteSpeed Frontend Task: Chatbot flow builder 2



1. Settings Panel will replace the Nodes Panel when a Node is selected
2. It has a text field to edit text of the selected Text Node

7. Save Button
a. Button to save the flow 
b. Save button press will show an error if there are more than one Nodes 

and more than one Node has empty target handles 

BiteSpeed Frontend Task: Chatbot flow builder 3



Submission
1. Deploy a working version on a free hosting service like Heroku, Vercel, 

etc 
2. Host the code repo on Github and add hosting link from the above step 

to the readme file 
3. Share the repo link with your resume to careers@bitespeed.co with 

subject “BiteSpeed Frontend Task”
4. Please fill this form to submit the task - 

https://forms.gle/X4CCKRB5bu6oLr628

BiteSpeed Frontend Task: Chatbot flow builder 4